[wrangler] Add opt-in OS keychain storage for OAuth credentials (#14156)
cloudflare/workers-sdk: .changeset/wrangler-keyring-credential-storage.md

Disabling keyring storage (via `wrangler auth keyring disable` or `wrangler login --no-use-keyring`) is global: it scrubs the encrypted file and keyring entry for every profile so nothing is left orphaned, and you'll re-authenticate on next use.

Named auth profiles (`wrangler auth create <name>`) honor the same preference: when keyring storage is enabled, each named profile is stored in its own encrypted `<name>.enc` file with its own encryption key (keyring account `<name>`), and `wrangler auth list` / `auth activate` / `auth delete` all work against encrypted profiles. Deleting a profile clears its encrypted file and keyring entry without disturbing other profiles.

> #### Per-platform backends
> 
> Wrangler ships with **zero native credential dependencies**. Each platform uses whatever is already there:
> 
> - **macOS**: `/usr/bin/security` (built-in; no install required).
> - **Linux**: `secret-tool` from `libsecret-tools` (already installed on most Linux desktops; wrangler prints a per-distro install hint when missing).
> - **Windows**: `@napi-rs/keyring` is lazy-installed via `npm install` on first opt-in (~1.9 MB one-time download). Non-interactive contexts (CI, scripts) get an actionable hard error with the option to install globally with `npm install -g @napi-rs/keyring@<pinned-version>` or to disable keyring storage entirely.
> 
> #### Encryption details
> 
> - The encrypted file lives at `<wrangler-config>/config/<env>.enc`, alongside the legacy `<env>.toml` so migration is non-destructive.
> - The on-disk format is a JSON envelope `{ v, alg: "AES-256-GCM", iv, tag, ciphertext }`. The auth tag prevents tampering — any corruption or wrong key is detected and treated as "not logged in".
> - The keyring entry stores only a 32-byte symmetric key (wrapped in a small JSON envelope for forward-compat), well below the macOS Keychain ~2.5 KB per-item limit, so the encrypted credential blob is free to grow as the schema evolves.
> 
> `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_KEY`/`CLOUDFLARE_EMAIL` continue to take priority over any stored OAuth credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add opt-in OS keychain storage for OAuth credentials

Use `wrangler auth keyring enable` to store OAuth tokens in encrypted files with the encryption key held in the OS keyring (macOS Keychain, libsecret on Linux, Windows Credential Manager). You can also run `wrangler login --use-keyring`, which persists for subsequent logins (regardless of whether `--use-keyring` is present). This applies to named profiles as well.

macOS uses the built-in /usr/bin/security; Linux uses secret-tool from libsecret-tools (wrangler prints a per-distro install hint when missing); Windows lazy-installs @napi-rs/keyring via npm on first opt-in.
```

Author: reducing...

Author: Thanks — trimmed it down in a9f72c8177897ed087047c6dc61f326305b0a929 (roughly halved, and dropped the crypto internals: envelope format, key size, Keychain item limit, file paths, tamper mechanics, and the section headings).

I kept your per-platform paragraph and the core, but retained a few user-facing bits your suggestion dropped: the explicit toggle options (incl. `--no-use-keyring` and the `CLOUDFLARE_AUTH_USE_KEYRING=true|false` one-off override), the "default is still plaintext / no behaviour change" reassurance, that opting out **deletes** the encrypted creds (so you re-auth) rather than decrypting to disk, and the note that `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` / `CLOUDFLARE_API_KEY`+`CLOUDFLARE_EMAIL` still take priority. Happy to cut any of those further if you think they're still too much.
